What classic dog name comes from the Latin for "faithful"?
Fido
What type of cuisine is the cabbage dish kimchi?
Korean
What ancient region is the likely birthplace of the wheel and also the namesake of a B-52's song?
Mesopotamia
What now-dissolved nation included Bosnia, Croatia and Serbia?
Yugoslavia
What country is Boratt from?
Kazakhstan
What European city has sunk 5 to 10 inches every 100 years since it was built?
Venice
In what country are you most likely to be served balut, a fertilized duck embryo?
Philippines
What is the only South American country with English as its official language?
Guyana
The Galapagos Islands are part of what country?
Ecuador
What Kentucky city owes its name to a historic Massachusetts town?
Lexington
Where would you find Hillary Step?
Mount Everest
What is the traditional grain used in tabbouleh?
Bulgur
What is the original name of the Windy City icon now officially known as Willis Tower?
Sears Tower
In what U.S. national park can you drive on Going-to-the-Sun Road?
Glacier
Crowds flocked to Washington D.C. each spring for a festival name for what flower?
Cherry Blossom
What fraction of the Earth is the northern hemisphere?
Half
What U.S. territory is represented in Congress by a resident commissioner?
Puerto Rico
Satyameva  jayate, the national motto India, means “truth alone triumphs” in what ancient language?
Sanskirt
How many voyages did Columbus make across the ocean to the Caribbean -  two, three, or four?
Four
The Yonaguni formation, which experts debate whether a sunken city or rock forms, is in what country?
Japan
In what country might you enjoy as a delicacy a corn fungus called cuitlacoche? 
Mexico
In what state is Arcadia National Park? 
Maine
What Alaskan Town elected Sarah Palin mayor?
Wasilla
Hong Kong, Singapore, and Taiwan all use what unit of currency?
Dollar
What state hosts the Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival? 
Tennessee
Where are you most likely to be pelted by severe hail -  Boston, Fargo, or Cheyenne?
Cheyenne 
Assateague Island is known for  a wild breed of what animal?
Horse
What is the nickname of the Great Bell at the Palace of Westminster?
Big Ben
According to a 2007 U.S. Census survey, what percentage of households made more than $100,000 - 9, 19, or 24%?
19%
The original name of what US city is Spanish for " the town of our Lady, the Queen of Angels"? 
Los Angeles
What two animals are depicted on the Mexican flag? 
Eagle and snake 
And what city can you shop at the Portobello Market? 
London 
What country hosted ( and won) the first World Cup in soccer? 
Uruguay
California's Sonoma-Marin Fair host what annual canine competition?
World's ugliest dog contest
What former chairman of the Republican National Committee was also an accomplished blues guitarist?
Lee Atwater
What is Indonesia - an archipelago, an isthmus, or a peninsula?
Archipelago
What was named the sandwich Island by James Cook in 1778? 
Hawaii
Hyannis, Massachusetts, is home to the compound of what political Dynasty? 
Kennedy
What theme parks name  stands for experimental prototype community of  tomorrow? 
Epcot
What is the name of the iconic Ferris wheel at Coney Island?
Wonder Wheel
What state claims cranberry juice as its official state beverage?
MAssachusetts
When Mardi Gras ends, what begins?
Lent
What is the post office's Zone Improvement plan better known as? 
ZIP
In what country can you ride roller coasters called Thunder dolphin, Eejanaika, and Steel Dragon 2000?
Japan
According to its longtime slogan, who is Virginia for?
Lovers
Which u.s. state named " do you realize?" by The Flaming Lips its official rock song -Arizona, Maine, or Oklahoma?
Oklahoma
The devastating 2004 tsunami occurred in what ocean? 
Indian Ocean
What is Canada's only official bilingual  province? 
New Brunswick
Does the Leaning Tower of Pisa lean to the north, south, east, or west? 
South
What city was founded by Brigham Young? 
Salt Lake City
What city are you in if you visit the mosque of Muhammad Ali and bargain for leather goods at the Khan al-khalili Market? 
Cairo
Scientology's world headquarters is  located in what Florida City? 
Clearwater
What type of Cuisine includes the dish bibimbap? 
Korean
What city used to be called New Amsterdam?
New York City
What Himalayan country is called " land of the thunder dragon" by its inhabitants? 
Bhutan
Where in London when you go to find a beefeater? 
Tower of London
Which of the 50 state quarters show in image of King Kamehameha I on the back?
Hawaii
In what country is Pho a local dish?
Vietnam 
What city is ad campaign claimed that what happened there would stay there?
Las Vegas
What is distinctive about Xhosa, Zulu and the Khoisan languages?
Clicks
In what Massachusetts town was the 1621 Harvest Feast we commemorate on Thanksgiving? 
Plymouth
In 2008, what was the only u.s. state with an obesity rate under 20%? 
Colorado
In what u.s. city can you take the red line to Dupont Circle? 
Washington D.C.
Name two of South Africa's three capitals? 
Cape Town, Pretoria, Bloemfontein
What continent produces more than half  the world's cacao? 
Africa
What author had a fatwa declared against him in 1989? 
Salman Rushdie
The pope is guarded by soldiers from what country? 
Switzerland
What Canadian city is home to North America's Premier Footwear Museum? 
Toronto
Where in Seattle can you eat the lunar orbiter? 
Space Needle
How many countries use the peso - 1, 4, or 8? 
Eight
What country is home to Alexandria, Aswan, and Luxor?
Egypt
In what southern state was Elvis Presley born? 
Mississippi
What sinking building was reopened to visitors in 2001 after Engineers spent over a decade stabilizing it? 
LEaning Tower of Pisa
What Hindu god is known as " the Destroyer"? 
Shiva
The Green Mountain State, Vermont, gets its name from what language? 
French
What east coast city was Portland Oregon almost named after? 
Boston
Middleton, Wisconsin, is home to a museum dedicated to what condiment? 
Mustard
What is the name of the circle of Autos half buried in the ground in Alliance Nebraska? 
Carhenge
Illibilli and uburubu are palindromic places on what continent? 
Africa
What 800 pound object is lowered during Atlanta's New Year's Eve festivities? 
Peach
In what city were Alfred Hitchcock, Bob Hope, and Elizabeth Taylor born?
London
In what European country were the irreverent cartoons published that enraged Muslims in 2005?
Denmark
What u.s. state quarter has a cow skull on it? 
Montana
Who are you most likely to find performing in Times Square in his underwear? 
The Naked Cowboy
What National Park is home to badwater basin, the lowest point in the Western Hemisphere? 
Death Valley
What was the most common ancestry reported in the 2000 US Census - French, German, Irish, or Italian? 
German
Medallions depicting what saint are often carried in cars? 
St. Christopher
What is the most populous borough of New York City? 
Brooklyn
In what state can you find a monument depicting an African American family with broken chains at their feet? 
Georgia
What one syllable word is soccer announcer Andres cantor famous for making last a long time?
Goal
Name two of the four US states that are actually Commonwealths. 
Kentucky, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, Virginia
What do the cities st. Petersburg, Turin, and Rangoon have in common? 
They are all former capital cities
What state has the highest annual number of sunny days? 
Arizona
Enterprise, Alabama, is home to a monument honoring what agricultural pests? 
Boll weevil
What political office entitles you to live at Gracie Mansion? 
Mayor of New York City
If you have pakoras as an appetizer, vindaloo as your entree, and gulab jamun for dessert, what type of Cuisine are you savoring?
Indian 
What is the world's northernmost national capital? 
Reykjavik
Which of these is saltiest - the Dead Sea, Great Salt Lake, or Red Sea? 
Dead Sea
What Spanish city is considered the bullfighting capital of the world? 
Seville
What animal appears on the California state flag? 
Bear
What is the only u.s. state whose name can be typed on just one row of letters? 
Alaska
What country is known as the " land of poets" for its two Nobel Laureates in literature, Gabriela Mistral and Pablo Neruda? 
Chile
What is the only u.s. state with a one-syllable name? 
Maine
What US city is home to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum? 
Cleveland
Who gets the most sleep, averaging 9 hours per night - the British, French, or Japanese? 
French
What state is the birthplace of the most u.s. Presidents - Ohio, Texas, or Virginia? 
Virginia
What national monument in Washington DC was design by 21 year old architect Maya Lin?
Vietnam Veterans Memorial
In what European country can you visit a Disneyland Park? 
France
What country is home to Antwerp, Bruges, and Ghent? 
Belgium
What Ernest Hemingway novel introduced a wider audience to the fiesta of San Fermin in Pamplona, Spain? 
The Sun Also Rises
What hemisphere are penguins native to? 
Southern
In what city was The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air born and raised? 
Philadelphia
What Sanskrit greeting means "I bow to you"? 
Namaste
What South American country is the world's biggest exporter of bananas? 
Ecuador
In what ocean lies the island nation of Mauritius? 
Indian Ocean
What two Canadian provinces border New York State? 
Ontario and Quebec
What country is famous for his Gouda and Edam Cheeses? 
The Netherlands
What breakfast food is called pfannkuchen in southern Germany, pannekoek in South Africa, and pooda in India? 
Panckes
What San Francisco bookstore was founded by beat poet Lawrence Ferlinghetti? 
City Lights
What u.s. state boasts the only Capital with three words in its name? 
Utah
St. Croix, St. John, and St. Thomas are part of what u.s. Territory?
Virgin Islands
In what state can you eat the world's largest enchilada? 
New Mexico
What beautiful warrior women feast with Odin in Valhalla? 
Valkyries
In what two European countries can you hear residence speaking Basque? 
France and Spain
What drinks Gaelic name means " Water of Life"? 
Whiskey
What country is pop star Shakira from? 
Colombia
What u.s. airport was once named Orchard field? 
O'Hare
What state flag shows a woman stepping on a fallen man? 
Virginia
Which city is it at Latitude most similar to Tokyo - Denver, Houston, Memphis, or Seattle? 
Memphis
What US city boasts the best looking people, according to readers of Travel and Leisure? 
Miami
In what city can you find the Mouth of Truth? 
Rome
In Britain, what is the traditional name for a village without a church? 
Hamlet
A branch of what art museum attracted over a million visitors to the Basque region of Spain in its first year of operation? 
Guggenheim
New Mexico's official state question, " red or green?" ask about your preference of what food? 
Chile
What Las Vegas casino is named for an ancient Egyptian temple? 
Luxor
What city pretended to secede from the United States in 1982, declaring itself The Conch Republic? 
Key West
What was the first city outside the United States to host MTV's The Real World? 
London
What two US state capitals end in polis? 
Annapolis and Indianapolis
In what country was president Barack Obama's father born? 
Kenya
What California Seaside City build itself the " American Riviera"? 
Santa Barbara
What South American country boasts a huge underground Cathedral carved entirely from Salt?  
Colombia
What country is home to the Dingo fence? 
Australia
A South Dakota Monument to whom was started in 1948 and is still under construction?
Crazy Horse 
The tallest waterfall in North America is in what u.s. National Park? 
Yosemite
What holiday put Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania on the map? 
Groundhog Day
The multiuse arena in Mitchell, South Dakota is decorated with murals made of what Agricultural Product?
Corn
In The Lord of the Rings movies, what country stands in for Middle Earth? 
New Zealand
The Come As You Are sign in Aberdeen, Washington, welcomes visitors to the hometown what musician? 
Kurt Cobain
What Florida Community was developed and designed by the Walt Disney Company? 
Celebration
Which of these is true of Rat Island in Alaska - it isn't an island, or there are no rats?
There are no rats
Who was the first former head of state tried for war crimes in The Hague?
Slobodan Milosevic
What former New York City mayor was named an honorary knight by Queen Elizabeth II?
Rudy Giuliani
Which is not a town in Utah - Bacchus, Hygiene, or Virgin?
Hygiene
What Native rodent it is an important source of protein for many peruvians? 
Guinea Pig
Name five of the 12 countries where the Euro replaced local currency in 2002.
Austria, Belgium, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Portugal, Spain
What is the most common name for the United States bullion depository? 
Fort Knox
In what u.s. state can you order spam for breakfast at Burger King and McDonald's? 
Hawaii
What country is home to the Chacaltaya, La Paz, and Potosi? 
Bolivia
In what u.s. city can you find a group of homes called the Seven Sisters? 
San Francisco
Which city does not have more people than Wyoming - Charlotte, Milwaukee, Nashville, or St Louis? 
St. Louis
What German company name means " people's car"? 
Volkswagen
What country is home to Koh Kong, Phnom Penh, and Siem Reap?
Cambodia
What London attraction was originally known as the Millennium Wheel? 
The London Eye
The Kola superdeep borehole, the deepest hole ever drilled into Earth's crust, is in what country?
Russia
What is "Watch out!" in German and part of a U2 album title? 
Achtung
What will you see coming out of the hillside if you visit the Chimera near Olympos, turkey? 
Flames
What Middle Eastern News Channel's name means " the island" in Arabic?
AL Jazeera
Who performed at the first concert held at each of the two New York Mets stadium, one 44 years after the other? 
Paul McCartney
The Caribbean island of Aruba is part of what European kingdom? 
The Netherlands
What country is Easter Island part of? 
Chile
Lussekatter and glogg are holiday treats from what country? 
Sweden
What city boasts the shrine said to mark the spot from which the prophet Muhammad ascended to heaven?
Jerusalem
What are Assam, Darjeeling, and Rooibos all types of? 
Tea
Where in the solar system can you find the Sea of cleverness, marsh of decay, and lake of fear? 
The Moon
In what country is the town of Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch located? 
Wales
Name five of the eight US states that start with the letter M. 
Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana
What national capital is called Krung Thep in its native language? 
Bangkok
What unique geological feature does Middlesboro, Kentucky, sit within? 
Meteor crater
What is the French holiday commemorating the beginning of the French Revolution? 
Bastille Day (July 14)
What u.s. university has the largest football stadium by seating capacity? 
University of Michigan
What did the Hollywood sign originally say?
Hollywoodland
What South American leader has hosted his own weekly talk show called Alo Presidente, or "Hello President," since 1999?
Hugo Chavez
What country gave us the yogurt-based condiment raita?
India
What animal nursed Romulus and Remus, the legendary founders of Rome?
Wolf
What was the first building in the world to have more than 100 floors?
Empire State Building
What international society welcomed Romania and Bulgaria in January of 2007?
European Union
The Iguazu waterfalls are on the border of Argentina and what other country?
Brazil
Where did South Carolina Governor Mark Sanford's aides initially say he disappeared to for several days in 2009?
Appalachian Trail?
How far is a kick, especially to a soldier?
One kilometer
What slogan did Texas introduce in 1985 in an effort to curb littering?
Don't Mess with Texas
The "faking it" scene from When Harry Met Sally was filmed in what New York restauarant?
Katz's Delicatessen
In what country is Sol beer brewed?
Mexico
What color is the central band on the German flag?
Red
What country produces Gruyere, Emmental, and Appenzeller cheeses?
Switzerland	
Police officers are New York's Finest and firefighters are New York's Bravest, but what are the city's sanitation workers known as?
New York's Strongest
The followers of what spiritual practice wear red string tied around the left wrist to ward off the evil eye?
Kabbalah
What US city would you visit to attend the Bumbershoot Music and Arts Festival?
Seattle
What Hawaiian island is named for a mythological hero who snared the sun and gave humans fire?
Maui
What country would you reach first if you traveled north from Malta?
Italy
In what country would find the world's busiest train station in terms of daily passenger numbers?
Japan
What U.S. state touches an ocean and two Great Lakes?
New York
Which is not a Hawaiian island- Kauai, Lanai, Maui, Molokai, Oahu, and Waikiki?
Waikiki
In what city did Freud live the final year of his life after fleeing the Nazis- London, New York, or Paris?
London
What 1980 Blondie hit was originally a Jamaican pop song recorded by the Paragons in 1967?
"The Tide is High"
In total area, which is the largest – the United Kingdom, Oregon, or Illinois?
Oregon
For whom is Jules' Undersea Lodge – an underwater motel in Key Largo, Florida- named?
Jules Verne
The father/son dynasty of what country are known as Great Leader and Dear Leader?
North Korea
A mahout is a person who wrangles or drives what large animal?
Elephant
By what name is the Best Foods brand mayonnaise known east of the Rockies?
Hellman's
What three U.S. states start and end with the letter A?
Alabama, Alaska, Arizona
French village, French castle, French prince – but who's the only major character in Disney's film Beauty and the Beast with a French accent?
Lumiere, the candlestick
What state contains the Helium Capital of the World, Space City, and the Live Music Capital of the World?
Texas
What Washington town had Stephenie Meyer never visited before setting Twilight there?
Forks
What nickname for the Santa Clara Valley was popularized in the ‘70s?
Silicon Valley
Name three of the eight countries that have land within the Arctic Circle.
Canada, Finland, Greenland (Denmark), Iceland, Norway, Russia, Sweden, United States
What is a U.S. city, a classic rock band, and a type of terrier?
Boston
The lyrics to "America the Beautiful" were inspired by what Western mountain?
Pikes Peak
In what state is Mount Rushmore?
South Dakota
What sticky dish did Harvard's most famous theatrical society take its name from?
Hasty pudding
What city refers to its subway system as the Tube?
London
What country is the original home of Kobe beef, make from Wagyu cattle?
Japan
What two countries share the world's longest undefended border?
Canada and the United States
What is the subject of an annual festival in Roswell, New Mexico, commenmoration evens from July 1947?
UFOs
