What telescope did NASA launch into space in 1990?
Hubble
The markings on a tabby cat's head often resemble what letter?
M
Which country does not lie on the equator - Brazil, Indonesia, Kenya, or Panama?
Panama
If your aunt's child has a child, what relation is that person to you?
First cousin once removed
Where would one find a Golgi apparatus- in a cell, attached to a telescope, or on a dentist's tool tray?
In a cell
What is the only bird in the chinese zodiac?
Rooster or cock
What is both an endangered animal native to China and a Hindu priest?
Panda
What did fishermen in the Philippines do with the extremely rare megamouth shark they accidentally netted in 2009?
Ate it
What is the more common term for hypertext markup language?
HTML
What subspecies of brown bear is native to an Alaskan archipelago?
Kodiak
What is both an element on the periodic table and a discontinued Dodge sedan?
Neon
What two bodily fluids did International Space Station astronauts start converting into drinkable water in 2009?
Sweat and Urine
What metal is the best electric conductor?
Silver
A Bernic Device is used to measure what body part?
Feet
What gadget did Steve Jobs tout in 2007 as “your life in your pocket”?
iPhone
What is the common term for tibial stress syndrome?
Shin Splints
Where is your xiphoid process - at the base of your breast bone, in your ankle, or under your tongue?
At the base if your breast bone
When Yellowstone National Park’s Old Faithful erupts, what shoots in the air - lava, sand, or water?
water
What naturally occurring chemicals flood the brain to cause "runner's high"?
Endorphins
Which snake does not kill by constriction -   anaconda, python, or water moccasin?
Water moccasin
What bird gives its name to a group of Spanish Islands? 
Canary
What kind of pencil has flatter size to prevent it from rolling? 
Carpenter's pencil
What is not found in cigarette smoke -  ammonia, asbestos, arsenic, formaldehyde, hydrogen cyanide, or carbon monoxide? 
Asbestos
Where in your body would you find your  lateral rectus muscle - back, eye, or throat? 
Eye 
What term describe someone whose diet consists of food grown and produced within a 100-mile radius of where they live?
Locavore
What would a planisphere help you identify - clouds, constellations, insects, or plants?
Constellations
Which does not appear on the periodic table of the elements - cranium, dubnium, or seaborgium?
Cranium
Queen Alexandra's birdwing is the largest of what kind of creature? 
Butterfly
What is liquid gold to a gardener? 
Urine
What constellation consists of Ursa Major seven brightest stars?
Big Dipper
Which animal is not a marsupial - kangaroo, koala combo raccoon, or wombat? 
Raccoon
Where did activist Julia butterfly Hill spend 738 consecutive days from 1997 to 1999?
In a tree
What was the first US spacecraft to land on Mars? 
Viking 1 Lander
What term describes a wine made from grapes that are  all harvested in the same year? 
Vintage
In late 2006, the population of what species and inexplicably fell by millions? 
Honeybees
What color is a giraffe's tongue - blue, orange, or pink?
Blue
What former Surgeon General is a spokesperson for the company known for the phrase " I fallen and I can't get up!"? 
C. Everett Koop
A group of which creatures is called a pandemonium - Apes, Hyenas, or parrots? 
Parrots
What can you figure out about the weather by counting cricket chirps? 
Temperature
What does mosquito saliva prevent blood from doing?
Clotting
What substances smoothest form was dubbed " pahoehoe" by Ancient Hawaiians? 
Lava
What animal does most catgut come from? 
Sheep
What is the name for a group of owls - a bevy, a Covey, or Parliament? 
Parliament
Hiker Aron Ralston did what in 2003 to save himself after being trapped under a boulder?
Cut off part of his arm
What planet could theoretically float in water? 
Saturn
When honey bees feed royal jelly to larvae, what are they trying to produce? 
A Queen
When astronauts return from space, are they usually taller, shorter, or the same height as when they left? 
Taller
What natural object, measuring more than 18 inches around and weighing about a pound, fell from the sky in Nebraska in 2003? 
Hailstone
What is Tiger Woods favorite movie? 
Caddyshack
Which of these can water do if superheated - Catch Fire, explode, or turn black? 
Explode
Which bird can urinate and defecate separately - Kingfisher, ostrich, or penguin? 
Ostrich
What color are the black boxes required by the FAA on all large commercial aircraft? 
Orange
If you broke your ulna, where would the doctor put your cast - ankle, arm, or shin?
Arm
Which has the largest eye - the Elephant, moose, or ostrich? 
Ostrich
What does a forensic pathologist  seek the cause of? 
Death
What body part includes the malleus, incus, and stapes?
Ear
What liquid can blow up buildings or erase the pain of angina? 
Nitroglycerin
What company produced in early personal computer named Lisa? 
Apple
What body part did Pascal Coler receive from a donor in 2008 to treat his neurofibromatosis?
Face
What part of a human adult has 22 bones - the hand, head, or foot? 
Head
As Seen on YouTube, what candy can be added to a bottle of Diet Coke too create a geyser? 
Mentos
What liquor filled thermometers before Mercury did the job? 
Brandy
What planet's geographical features are almost all named after real or mythological woman? 
Venus
At the beginning of daylight savings time do you move the clock forward or back? 
Forward
On what date is Pi Day celebrated? 
March 14
Boston, Valmaine, and Tom Thumb are varieties of what vegetable ?
Lettuce
What substance turns into coprolite once fossilized? 
Feces
What is the common term for the force that pulls water away from the lettuce in your salad spinner? 
Centrifugal force
Up to how many odors can humans detect - 1,000; 5,000; or 10,000? 
10,000
According to Greek myth, what feature of the night sky was created after hair was tricked into nursing the baby Heracles? 
Milky Way
What legume lends its name to that of a hip hop group? 
Black-eyed pea
About how often do sloths poop - once a day, once a week, or once a month? 
Once a week
What TV characters Mac is in the smithsonian's collection? 
Carrie Bradshaw's
What is a young wild a male turkey called - a coot, jake, or tim? 
Jake
What was the name of the Apollo 11 lunar module? 
Eagle
Alan Turing propose to Turing test as a way to figure out if machines could do what? 
"Think"
What animal is known for punching with its forepaws and kicking with its hind legs?
Kangaroo
What body sculpting surgical procedure was invented in the 1970s by 2 Physicians and Rome? 
Liposuction
What deadly disease, also known as the variola major, did the World Health assembly declare eradicated in 1980?
Smallpox
In 2005, emotion recognition software calculated that the Mona Lisa's facial features show 83% what emotion?
Happiness
What does the m in E = mc2 squared stand for?
Mass
What childhood disease is also known as slapped cheek syndrome? 
Fifth disease
What animal comes in these varieties: Arctic ground, Arizona gray, and red giant flying? 
Squirrel
Where in the human skeleton would you find the atlas bone - put, pelvis, or spine? 
Spine
Where in your body can you not get stones - appendix, diaphragm, liver, or tonsils? 
Diaphragm
Is your voice box a muscle, an organ, or a bone? 
Organ
How does a vampire bat approach its prey - by dive-bombing it, silently landing on it, or walking up to it?
Walking up to it
In 1949 what did Walter hunt invent in 3 hours to pay off a $15 debt - a corkscrew, parachute, or safety pin? 
Safety pin
What explodes to produce a supernova? 
Star
What day of the week does a month begin on to have a Friday the 13th? 
Sunday
What Marx brother founded the company that manufactured the clamp that held the atomic bomb in place on the Enola Gay? 
Zeppo
What force combined with harmonic oscillations destroyed the Tacoma Narrows Bridge known as " Galloping Gertie"? 
Wind
Name one of the two common weeds whose leaves can be used as a diuretic? 
Dandelion or stinging nettle
Before she was arrested for allegedly trying to kidnap a romantic rival, what was Lisa Nowak - an astronaut, biochemist, or Forest ranger?
Astronaut
What animal is the most common rabies carrier in the United states? 
Raccon
What element in the wick of a trick candle and make it relight - magnesium, potassium, or sodium? 
Magnesium
What is the only continent without native reptiles? 
Antarctica
What body part did New Zealander Clint Hallam receive in 1998 and lose in 2001? 
Hand
What author convinced president Teddy Roosevelt to preserve areas such as Yosemite as national parks? 
John Muir
Why do male mice sing? 
To attract female mice
Which is not a layer of Earth's atmosphere - the bathysphere, mesosphere, or stratosphere? 
Bathysphere
What does USB stand for? 
Universal serial bus
What company unveiled the first cell phone, in 1983? 
Motorola
What's the American name for the food called a brinjal in South Africa and an aubergine in Britain? 
Eggplant
Who was the first female medical doctor in the United States? 
Elizabeth Blackwell
What controlled substance is lawful in the United States when used " by an Indian for bona fide traditional ceremonial purposes"? 
Peyote
What birth defect does Operation Smile work to eliminate, providing reconstructive surgery to children around the world? 
Cleft lip and palate
What does q stand for in the brand name Q-tips? 
Quality
What food has enjoyed a PR boost since being identified as a source of the antioxidant lycopene?
Tomato
In the 12-hour clock, what do a.m. and p.m. stand for? 
Ante meridiem and post meridiem
A Golden Retriever named Isabella adopted what animals as her own at a Kansas Zoo in 2008? 
Tigers
In 1996, Dolly the sheep was the first mammal cloned. what was the first animal cloned? 
Tadpole
What is diphenhydramine hydrochloride better known as? 
Benadryl
Which of these describes when a whale pokes its head out of the water to take a look around - splerming, tipping, or spyhopping? 
Spyhopping
What company was originally known as Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing? 
3M
What animal is a flying gurnard, dragon wrasse, or lumpsucker? 
Fish
What is the seventh planet from the Sun? 
Uranus
What was the first major u.s. city to ban artificial trans fats in restaurants? 
New York City
What common household product gets its name from acetylsalicylic acid and the plant genus Spiraea? 
Aspirin
Which animal is the loudest - blue whale, howler monkey, or hyena? 
Blue Whale
What is both a poisonous element and the on-screen companion to Old Lace? 
Arsenic
What does DSL stand for?
Digital subscriber line
What is the only number whose value is equal to the number of letters in its name? 
Four
What is a shooting star - a dying star, comet, or meteor ?
Meteor
What is the more familiar name for the intoxicating plant Nepeta cataria? 
Catnip
What's both a big cat and a slang term for a woman who date younger men? 
Cougar
What was the first animated feature film generated completely on computers? 
Toy Story
What did Russian Space Station's name Mir mean? 
Peace
According to the CDC, in 2007 what percentage of US high school students had had sexual intercourse - 38, 48, or 58? 
48
What material is the main component of the Great Pacific Garbage Patch? 
Plastic
What causes a geological formation called a kettle hole? 
Glacier
What element is used as a medication for bipolar disorder? 
Lithium
The name of what software company reflected its Founder's interest in eastern religion? 
Lotus
Which is stronger, a category 1 or a category 5 hurricane? 
Category 5
If all of your blood vessels were connected end-to-end how many miles would they run - 600; 6,000; or 60,000? 
60,000
What does a basilisk do to earn its nickname " Jesus Christ lizard"? 
Walk on water
Who called the CEO of Hewlett-Packard to request computer parts for a class project when he was 12? 
Steve Jobs
What word is both a shade of blue and a make of compact car? 
Cobalt
What video sharing website was purchased by Google in 2006 for $1.65 billion? 
YouTube
What color is the blood pigment of most cephalopods, such as octopus and squid? 
Blue
Artificial reefs off the east coast are made in part from what New York City staple?
Subway cars
What international humanitarian organization was founded in 1971 by French physicians and journalists? 
Doctors Without Borders/Medecins Sans Frontieres
What is the sole component of ozone? 
Oxygen
Giant pandas Hua Mei and Mei Sheng were born at what zoo? 
San Diego Zoo
What two planets in our solar system have no moons? 
Mercury and Venus
What winged insect has been known to migrate up to 1,800 miles?
Monarch butterfly
What world-famous therapist began her media career as host of the 15-minute radio show Sexually Speaking?
Dr. Ruth
How long does it take a human blood cell to make a complete circuit of the human body - one, five, or ten minutes?
One minute
What state led the country in obesity for the fifth straight year in 2009?
Mississippi
How far can a red kangaroo bound in a single leap - 15, 25, or 40 feet? 
25 feet
What type of birds were responsible for the engine failure that led Chesley sullenberger land a plane in the Hudson River in 2009? 
Geese
What part of the body does a podiatrist specialize in? 
Foot
Where in your body would you find your hippocampus? 
Brain
What writing system could be deciphered thanks to the discovery of the Rosetta Stone? 
Hieroglyphics
What do snake milkers collect? 
Venom
What was the first text message ever sent to a cell phone, in December 1992? 
"Merry Christmas"
A pluot is a hybrid of what two fruits? 
Plum and apricot
A baby vampire bat lives on its mother's - blood, milk, or saliva? 
Milk
According to a Carnegie Mellon study, what diet reduces more greenhouse gas emissions than being a locavore? 
Vegetarian
What did Robert chesebrough, the inventor of Vaseline, regularly do with a spoon full of it? 
Ate it
Which of these might a cryptozoologist study - Bigfoot, burial practices, or codebreaking? 
Bigfoot
What are you afraid of if you suffer from pterygophobia?
Flying
What artificial sweetener based on sucralose was introduced in 1999? 
Splenda
What is the only bird that can fly backwards? 
Hummingbird
How many toes does an ostrich have - 4, 6, or 10? 
Four
What is the brand name for polytetrafluoroethylene, invented by Ron Plunkett for DuPont in 1938?
Teflon
What non-human creature kills more people than any other? 
Mosquito
Up, down, top, bottom, strange, and charm are varieties of what subatomic particle? 
Quark
A Komondor is what kind of animal? 
Dog
When was the computer mouse patented - 1970, 1978, or 1984? 
1970
What does an anemometer measure? 
Wind speed
What software product was originally called Display, then ImagePro?
Photoshop
What word is common to the full name of the NIH and WHO? 
Health
What classics children's toy started out as wallpaper cleaner? 
PLAY-DOH
How many times does the average heart beat each day - 10,000; 100,000; or 1,000,000?
100,000
What zodiac sign does this symbol represent?
Capricorn
Which of these could you do with a lodestone – hold nails. Hold up an arch, or locate water?
Hold nails
What soap brand is known for the inspired and sometimes obscure messages printed all over its bottles?
Dr. Bonners
What is the4 name of the radar that measures the movement of rain?
Doppler
What creatures bite can lead to Lyme disease?
Tick
A hair that curls back on itself and penetrates the skin is known as what?
Ingrown
What is the hardest substance in the human body?
Tooth Enamel
What object did NASA's Deep Impact spacecraft deliberately send its impactor to collide with in 2005?
Comet
What computer has come in colors such as Dalmatian Blue and Flower Power?
iMac
What does a gelotologist study?
Laughter
What does someone suffering from dysphagia have difficulty doing?
Swallowing
What are you unable to do if you have anomia?
Smell
What planet has the largest moon in our solar system?
Jupiter
What cereal, coinvented by Dr. John Harvey Kellogg, was believed to help people curb their libidos?
Corn Flakes
Often referred to as PowerPoint, what Apple software did Al Gore actually use in An Inconvenient Truth?
Keynote
What is both a type of makeup and another word for rose wine?
Blush
What breed of dog derives its name from the German for "splash in water"?
Poodle
What was the first mammal to orbit Earth?
Dog
What paleontologist played himself on an episode of The Simpsons that involved a fossilized angel skeleton?
Stephen Jay Gould
What U.S. president had the first inauguration broadcast live on the Internet?
Bill Clinton
What single item makes up a bedbug's entire diet?
Blood
A famous photo of Albert Einstein taken on his 72nd birthday shows him doing what in the back seat of a car?
Sticking out his tongue
Who beat out CNN to become the first Twitter user with 1 million followers?
Ashton Kutcher
What is the only rock that can float in water?
Pumice
People with what hair color may need extra anesthetic at the dentist's office?
Red
What is the highest possible SAT score?
2400
What mammal has the longest pregnancy?
Elephant
What are some wild gerbils in China fed in order to controls their numbers?
Birth control pills
The citruline in watermelon can imitate the effects of what pharmaceutical?
Viagra
What fruit was once called a Persian apple?
Peach
What kind of product was advertised in the first-ever spam message-a dating service, diet pill, or computer?
Computer
What corporation's informal motto is "Don't be evil"?
Google
If an animal is diurnal, what is it doing at midnight?
Sleeping
What are the three levels of hierarchy in a honeybee colony?
Queen bee, worker bee, drone
What is the average bra size in the U.S.?
36C
What bony structure in the human body includes the lacrimal, mandible, maxilla, and zygomatic bones?
Skull
What can result when a tiny object gets stuck in the mantle of a shelled mollusk, most often an oyster?
Pearl
These words are used to describe shapes of what natural item – elliptic, lance, palmate, spear, or trifoliate?
Leaf
What process does milk undergo in becoming yogurt – bacterial fermentation, mold growth, or molecular synthesis?
Bacterial fermentation
What household device, invented in 1869, was originally called the Whirlwind?
Vacuum cleaner
Basmati, jasmine and kalijira are all types of what?
Rice
How much of the U.S. population had 911 emergency service in 1987 – 50, 80, or 95 percent?
50 percent
