What substance did Pittsburgh Pirates pitcher Dock Ellis claim he was under the influence of when he threw a no-hitter in 1970?
LSD
What musical instrument was traditionally made using a whole sheepskin or goatskin?
Bagpipes
In addition to rye bread spread with Russian dressing, what three main ingredients make up a Reuben sandwich?
Corned beef, Swiss cheese, sauerkraut
If you're staying at a hotel on an American plan, what does the rate cover?
Your room plus three meals a day
What domestic guru shares a name with Jennifer Garner's dog?
Martha Stewart
What baseball team became the Washington Nationals in 2005?
Montreal Expos
What chef's signature shoes are orange Crocs?
Mario Batali
Who broke George Sisler's 84-year-old record for most hits in a Major League Baseball season, in 2004?
Ichiro Suzuki
For what annual event do Cub Scouts carve little cars out of wood, often with their parents' help?
Pinewood Derby
What athlete started a charity called the Peyback Foundation?
Peyton Manning
What is both a crochet tool and a basketball shot?
Hook
What is both a beer and a critical part of an arch?
Keystone
Who is the only major leaguer to hit a 60 or more home runs in 3 different seasons?
Sammy Sosa 
What is crushed and dried to make carmine, a red food dye?
Insects
What percentage of adult Americans had an alcoholic drink in 2006 - 64, 74, or 84%?
64%
Where do Ben & Jerry's ice cream flavors go when they are retired from production?
Flavor Graveyard
What instrument’s name means “jumping flea” in Hawaiian?
Ukulele
What state has the most  teams in the NFL, NBA, MLB, and NHL combined?
California
What NFL team was caught videotaping New York Jets coaching signals in a 2007 Scandal that became known as “Spygate”?
New England Patriots
How many times did Michael Jordan retire from the NBA?
3 
In what year did Kobe Bryant first leave the LA Lakers to a championship without the help of Shaquille O'Neal?
2009
If yuppies are young urban professionals what are dinks? 
Dual income no kids
What professional sport did Michael Jordan play during his first retirement from basketball?
Baseball
What NASCAR driver is known for a signature sweeping bow to the fans after winning a race?
Kyle Busch
In 1993, who charged the mound and found himself put in a headlock and pummeled by 46 year old  Nolan Ryan?
Robin Ventura
What is the name for a martini garnished with a pickled onion instead of an olive?
Gibson
What four cards give you a dead man's hand in five-card poker?
2 aces and 2 eights
What is the song most commonly played at graduation ceremonies?
Pomp and Circumstance
What NBA All-Star went by the name " the glove"? 
Gary Payton
What is the only NFL team named after a person? 
Cleveland Browns 
Which element is not featured in the classic game operation - Broken Heart, collapsed lung, water on the knee, wrenched ankle?
Collapsed lung
Janet Jackson's wardrobe malfunction during halftime of the 2004 Super Bowl was Unforgettable, but what two teams were playing?
Carolina Panthers and New England Patriots
What was packaged with baseball cards before gum?
Cigarettes 
What part of Secretariat's body was nearly three times as large that of an average horse?
Heart 
What frat house pastime has evolved into a tournament covered by ESPN? 
Beer pong
What comfort food is also the stage name for the guy who sings " Paradise by the Dashboard Light"? 
Meat Loaf
Which was not an 80s fashion trend - leg warmers, shoulder pads, Kate Spade bags, or Guess jeans? 
Kate Spade bags
What women's item did Joe Namath endorse - and wear - in ‘70s commercials?
Pantyhose
What does XO on a bottle of cognac mean? 
Extra Old
What beer did Jimmy Carter's brother endorse? 
Billy Beer
In baseball, how many sides does a home plate have? 
5
In 2005, the Powerball lottery produced a surprising 110 second-place winners after the winning numbers were printed where?
Fortune-cookie fortunes
What is the only professional sport trophy to have a Winner's names engraved on it? 
Stanley Cup
What did Victoria's Secret models first sport on their backs in 1999? 
Wings
What athletic company gets its name from founder Adolf Dassler? 
Adidas
What is Shaquille O'Neal's shoe size - 15, 19, or 23?
23
What make of car does Magnum PI drive? 
Firrari
Where on your pants can you often find the initials YKK? 
Zipper
What puzzle Guru gave as his all-time favorite crossword clue " it might turn into another story," with the answer spiral staircase?
Will Shortz
What did Randy Johnson accidentally Bean with a baseball during spring training in 2001? 
A bird
What color is the American Express Centurion card? 
Black
Who was forced to return five medals from the 2000 Olympics after admitting to  steroid use? 
Marion Jones
What phrase did running back Rod Smart have on his Outlaws Jersey during the XFLs only season in 2001?
He Hate Me
What animal is featured in Bacardi's logo? 
Bat
Who was the first Japanese position player ( non pitcher) to play in Major League Baseball?
Ichiro
What University's basketball team was nicknamed "Phi Slama Jama" in the ‘80s?
University of Houston
In What 80's Atari arcade game did players deliver newspapers on a  Suburban Street? 
Paperboy
Jack Purcell, namesake of the legendary sneaker, was world champion in which sport -  Badminton, squash, or tennis? 
Badminton
In the world of television, what does DVR stand for? 
Digital Video Recorder
List three of the five categories that make up a triple double in basketball. 
Assists, blocks, points, rebounds, steals
What diet plan's spokespeople have included Kirstie alley, Valerie Bertinellii, Phylicia Rashad, and Queen Latifah?
Jenny Craig
Which is not a potential weapon in the original game of Clue - Candlestick, crowbar, lead pipe, or rope? 
Crowbar
What University's mascot is the Razorback? 
University of Arkansas
What ingredient makes pesto green? 
Basil
The words ixnay and amscray were adopted into English slang from what jargon?
Pig Latin
What former WWE Champion became the ultimate fighting heavyweight champion in 2008?
Brock Lesnar
What happened to baseball player Craig Biggio 285 times in his 20-year career? 
He got hit by a pitch
How was your sushi delivered in a kaiten style restaurant? 
Conveyor belt
What does a bulky kick into a weakling space in the classic Charles Atlas comic book ad? 
Sand
What food movement was fueled in part by outraged response to a McDonald's opening near Rome's Spanish Steps?
Slow Food
The clarified butter used in Indian Cuisine is called what? 
Ghee
What is boat NFL star  Jerome Bettis's nickname and a form of transportation? 
Bus
What pro wrestler went by names including flex kavana and Rocky Maivia before deciding on this stage name?
The Rock
What athlete has referred to his ancestry as "Cablinasian"? 
Tiger Woods
What aluminum Manufacturing Company sponsored the Fantastic Finishes features during NFL games in the eighties? 
Alcoa
What NBA legends movie career included Airplane! and a duel with Bruce Lee in Game of Death ?
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
What 1988 Olympian hit his head on the diving board during competition, but went on to win gold? 
Greg Louganis
What actress graced the cover of her best-selling video in leg warmers and a red and black striped t-shirt?
Jane Fonda
What song is played in the eighth inning of every Boston Red Sox game at Fenway Park? 
"Sweet Caroline"
What kind of bar did Ernest Gnatt invent at his Don the Beachcomber joint in the early ‘30s?
Tiki
Who was the first NFL quarterback to beat all 32 teams in his career? 
Brett Favre
What was the first mass-produced game to use people as playing pieces? 
TWISTER
What are the Zapata, walrus, and toothbrush types of?
Mustache
What do you add to a martini to make it dirty? 
Olive brine or juice
Which is not an ice skating jump - the lutz, maxx, or salchow?
Maxx
What sport banned left-handed play in 1974?
Polo
What caused game 3 of the 1989 World Series between the San Francisco Giants and Oakland A's, to be postponed?
Earthquake
What was Tiger Woods's original first name - Earl, Edgar, Eldrick, or Ewan?
Eldrick
Between 2004 and 2008, what male tennis player spent 237 consecutive weeks ranked number 1? 
Roger Federer
What kind of animal pulls a sled driven by a musher? 
Dog
The competitive world of what board game was documented in the 2001 book word freak?
SCRABBLE
What is Barbie's full name? 
Barbara Millicent Roberts
Who was not on the 1992 Olympic " dream team" - Clyde Drexler, Chris Mullin, Scottie Pippen, or Dominique Wilkins? 
Dominique Wilkins
Jan Ullrich, Andreas kloden, and Ivan basso have all come in second to what athlete?
Lance Armstrong
What was the first professional league in North America to cancel an entire season over a labor dispute? 
National Hockey League (NHL)
Who made history as the first father and son to play together on the same major league baseball team? 
Ken Griffey, Sr., and Ken Griffey, Jr.
Name two of the four character types you can play in Gauntlet, The Dungeons & Dragons inspired arcade game.
Warrior, Valkyrie, Wizard, Elf
Name four of the seven flavors of Hostess fruit pies.
Apple, blackberry, cherry, French apple, lemon, pineapple, strawberry
What university is home to over the top fans called the Cameron crazies?
Duke
What NBA star has the following tattoos - 330, Chosen 1, Gloria, and Witness? 
LeBron James
In the mid-90s, what popular dance had people moving their arms and jumping a quarter turn to the right? 
Macarena
What Major league baseball players often referred to as " Godzilla"? 
Hideki Matsui
What brand of beer is added to Champagne to make a Black Velvet? 
Guinness
What sauce is used in traditional eggs benedict? 
Hollandaise
The Diego Maradona handball goal in the 1986 World Cup soccer match between Argentina and England is referred to as what? 
Hand of God
What organization was played by the curse of the Bambino? 
Boston Red Sox
What tennis star was stabbed in the back at a match in 1993? 
Monica Seles
What did Muhammad Ali call his strategy of leaning against the ropes until his opponent exhausted himself? 
Rope-a-dope
What soccer Legend ended his professional career by playing a half for each side in an exhibition match? 
Pele
What pastry is known as Timbits at Tim Hortons and Munchkins at Dunkin Donuts? 
Doughnut holes
What is Subway's trademarked job title for the person who makes your sub? 
Sandwich artist
Who pitched a perfect game for the Yankees in 1998 while suffering from " a raging hangover"? 
David Wells
What 2 Volkswagen models are named after four-legged furry animals? 
Fox and Rabbit
Dog mushing is the official sport of what state?
Alaska
What meal does Denny's described as a " ham and scrambled egg sandwich with Swiss and American cheese on grilled sourdough"? 
Moons Over My Hammy
Who was the first Hispanic American elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame? 
Roberto Clemente
Who battled a hobbling Tiger Woods for 91 holes at the 2008 US Open? 
Rocco MEdiate
What does a chef do with a mandoline? 
Slice
What brand of sneakers did Sly Stallone wear as he ran up the steps of the Philadelphia Museum of Art in Rocky? 
Converse
What is both the name of a famous race horse and a type of hardtack? 
Seabiscuit
What standard ingredient does pizza bianca omit? 
Tomato sauce
What device gives advice such as " you may rely on it," " Reply hazy, try again," and " my sources say no"? 
Magic 8-Ball
What tongue in cheek sport got it start when Phil Shaw combined pressing his shirt with rock climbing? 
Extreme ironing
My Name is Earl star Jason Lee was a professional athlete before becoming an actor. What was his sport? 
Skateboarding
Name two of the three weapons used in Olympic fencing? 
Epee, foil, sabre
Who is the only major Leaguer to hit a walk-off, inside-the-park Grand Slam - Hank Aaron, Roberto Clemente, or Joe DiMaggio? 
Roberto Clemente
According to the commercial, what does Almond Joy have that Mounds doesn't?
Nuts
Name four of the original Seven trading Commodities in the game PIT. 
Barley, corn, flax, hay, oats, rye, wheat
Who was the first African American head coach to win a Superbowl? 
Tony Dungy
Who was the first female U.S. gymnast to win an individual gold medal in the Olympics? 
Mary Lou Retton
What baseball feat is sometimes referred to as a jack, dinger, or tater? 
Home run
What is it called when a golfer or tennis player wins all the major championships in the same calendar year?
Grand Slam
Who set the record in 2001 for lowest single round tally by any female golfer in LPGA Tour play? 
Annika Sorenstam
Which is not a major league soccer team - Chicago Fire, Columbus Crew, or San Jose SaberCats? 
San Jose SaberCats
What airline serves blue potato chips as its official cabin snack? 
JetBlue
What whiskey-based liquor is mixed with cranberry and lime juices to make a Scarlet O'Hair?
Southern Comfort
A velodrome is a specially built arena for what sport?
Cycling
What alcoholic Spirit, banned in the u.s. since 1912, returned to the market in 2007?
Absinthe
What signature two-word phrase did Philadelphia Phillies broadcaster Harry kalas use to call a home run?
"Outta here!"
What is a perfect score in bowling? 
300
What 1150-mile race includes axes and dog food as mandatory equipment? 
Iditarod
What big-box retailer allows overnight RV parking in most of its parking lots? 
Walmart
Name six of the eight vegetables in the original V8? 
Beets, carrots, celery, lettuce, parsley, spinach, tomatoes, watercress
What US soccer player boosted sales of Nike's sports bras after the 1999 FIFA Women's World Cup final?
Brandi Chastain
What MLB manager broke the record with his 132nd career game injection in 2007? 
Bobby Cox
What form of transportation does broadcaster John Madden use to get from game to game? 
Bus
How many rolls yield a 7 with a standard pair of dice? 
Six
Chevre cheese comes from the milk of what animal? 
Goat
What nickname was given to NBA head coach Phil Jackson for his calm, philosophical approach?
Zen Master
What women's sport has five players on a side, divided into blockers, Jammers, and pivots? 
Roller derby
Pete Rose was banned for life from Major League Baseball for what? 
Betting on baseball
What culinary school dropout made the 2008 Forbes list of top celebrity chefs? 
Mario Batali
The logo of what fashion designer is a stylized Medusa head? 
Gianni Versace
What virtual pet's "return to its home planet" often upset child owners?
Tamagotchi
The opening to ABC's Wide World of Sports promised viewers both "the thrill of victory and…" - what?
The agony of defeat
What airline considers itself "A whole different animal"?
Frontier
Who pulled out a cell phone and tried to call her mom after winning the women's singles title at Wimbledon in 2004? 
Maria Sharapova
What Chef's Kitchen is on view at the Smithsonian? 
Julia Child
The 1988 Calgary Olympic Games saw the debut of a bobsled team from what snowless country? 
Jamaica
In tennis, what is winning the Grand Slam and the Olympic gold medal in the same year called? 
Golden Slam
What are the three traditional ingredients in plain shortbread? 
Butter, flour, sugar
What NBA great claimed in an autobiography to have slept with 20,000 women?
Wilt Chamberlain
Who was the first African-American coach to win the Super Bowl? 
Tony Dungy
How much did the u.s. birth rate of twins climb from 1980 to 2004 - 40, 70, or 85 percent? 
70 percent
Who are the Mario Brothers usually trying to save?
Princess Peach
The u.s. golf team plays against what team in the Ryder Cup? 
Europe
What musical workout program was created by Judi Sheppard Missett? 
Jazzercise
What kind of edible creatures are Malpeques, Kumamotos, and Belons? 
Oysters
What does a Sommelier bring to your restaurant table? 
Wine
What dominant tennis player habitually tugs at his underwear before he serves? 
Rafael Nadal
What number did Julius Erving wear for the Philadelphia 76ers - 6, 33, or 42? 
6
What singer renamed Silver Dollar City, Tennessee, after herself? 
Dolly Parton
Until Michael Phelps broken 36 years later, who held the record for most gold medals in a single Olympics? 
Mark Spitz
Who has a tattoo that says " Chosen 1" - a title Sports Illustrated conferred on him in high school? 
LeBron James
What was the first official name of Major League soccer's New York Red Bulls? 
MetroStars
What former heavyweight boxing champ gave all of his sons the same name? 
George Foreman
What craft involves cutting out images and varnishing them onto an object? 
Decoupage
What fiery baseball manager got so mad during a 1990 game that he uprooted first base, threw it into the outfield, and then picked it up and threw it again? 
Lou Piniella
What popular toy was first introduced as the Power drencher?
The Super Soaker
Which is not a color of one of the Olympic rings - black, blue, red, silver, or yellow?
Silver
What video game is recognized as a sport in Norway, under the name " machine dancing"?
Dance Dance Revolution
What is known as the fifth taste, after bitter, salty, sour, and sweet?
Unami
What is not an ingredient in Long Island Iced Tea - gin, tequila, vodka, or whiskey? 
Whiskey
What was the name of the IBM computer that beat world chess champion Garry Kasparov in 1997?
Deep Blue
In horse racing, what is the term for a wager picking the first three finishers in correct order?
Trifecta
What sport are you watching if the Alouettes are playing the Stampeders?
Football
What modern sport's ancestors are "town ball" and "rounders"?
Baseball
What kind of car is the "Mirthmobile" in Wayne's World?
AMC Pacer
What meat sandwich gets its name for the Greek word for "turning"?
Gyro
What kind of fish is in an unagi roll?
Eel
What animal is associated with the astrological sign of Cancer?
Crab
What salad originated at the Brown Derby restaurant in Hollywood, California, in 1937?
Cobb salad
What vowel is the only one not in the top row of standard QWERTY keyboard letters?
A
What was the most popular name every year from 1970 to 1984 for baby girls born in the United States?
Jennifer
What is the proper response to the question "Pardon me, would you have any Grey Poupon?
"But of course"
What sport has groupies known as "buckle bunnies"?
Rodeo
What college football team was first to play its home games on blue turf?
Boise State
What item, featuring a picture of Honus Wagner, sold for more than $2 million in 2007?
Baseball Card
What predominantly female sport features jammers, pivots, and blockers?
Roller Derby
What NFL team was the first ever to finish a season with a record of 0-16, in 2008?
Detroit Lions
What future brawler tried to get a summer job at Circuit City during his rookie year with the Chicago Bulls?
Ron Artest
What toy did an engineer invent in 1943 while experimenting with springs?
Slinky
What sport did Tonya Harding switch to after figure skating?
Boxing
What is the only baseball team whose ballpark's sausages outsell its hot dogs?
Milwaukee Brewers
What baseball player once framed a $1 million check rather than cashing it?
Rickey Henderson
Name three of the five fruits that appear for bonus points in the original arcade version of Pac-Man?
Cherry, Apple, grapes, peach, strawberry
What fitness franchise claims its unofficial motto is "no makeup, no men, and no mirror"?
Curves
What kind of sporting event did Tupac Shakur attend just before he was gunned down in Las Vegas?
Boxing
On what birthday does a Latina girl celebrate her quinceanera?
15th
Facebook was first limited to students at what university?
Harvard
What is a traditional karate uniform called?
Gi
At the 1988 Olympics, what sprinter beat Carl Lewis for the 100-meter gold medal, then was stripped of it for steroid use?
Ben Johnson
What movie starred Denzel Washington and basketball's Ray Allen?
He Got Game
In what sport is the dohyo the center of the action?
Suma wrestling
What grain must make up at least 51 percent of the fermented mash from which bourbon whiskey is made?
Corn
What clothing item from the 1880s sold on eBay for $46,532?
Pair of jeans
What flavor was the original filling in Hostess Twinkies?
Banana
What homemaking guru spent five months in prison for obstructing justice and lying to government investigators?
Martha Stewart
The Master Chief is the hero of what video game series?
Halo
As of 2009, what country has won the most FIFA World Cup titles?
Brazil
What racehorse won the 2006 Kentucky Derby, but shattered its leg at the Preakness and ultimately had to be put down?
Barbaro
What car maker made the Aspire, Probe, and Tempo?
Ford
What Pittsburgh Steeler tossed his jersey to a young fan in a 1980 Coca-Cola commercial?
"Mean" Joe Greene
What feature was first introduced to professional hockey rinks in 1963?
Separate penalty boxes for each team
What name is given to a turkey stuffed with duck stuffed with a chicken?
Turducken
What gives red velvet cake its color?
Red food coloring
