What is the name of both a psychological test and a superhero in a 2009 movie?
Rorschach
What animal is Olivia in the children's book series by Ian Falconer?
Pig
Finish the opening line to George Orwell's 1984: "It was a bright day in April, and the clocks were striking ____."
Thirteen
What did the San Francisco Chronicle rename Gary Larson's comic strip Nature's Way?
The Far Side
What Spanish artist had a Blue Period?
Pablo Picasso
Who is the only character in the 2008 book Garfield Minus Garfield?
Jon
What Harry Potter character did J. K. Rowling name after a bee?
Doumbledore
Who does a bardolater worship?
Shakespeare
What character did Bob Kane and Bill Finger create because their boss wanted to match the popularity of Superman?
Batman
What American photographer is best known for her Untitled Film Stills, a series of self-portraints where she portrays imaginary actresses?
Cindy Sherman
What president was portrayed by Paul Giamatti in the miniseries adaptation of the Pulitzer Prize-winning biography?
John Adams
What 1996 hit song was criticized because it's lyrics are examples of bad luck rather than literary devices described by the song’s title?
Ironic
What author successfully sued in 2009 to halt US publication of a book based on his most famous novel?
J.D. Salinger
What magazine named Jane Pratt its editor-in-chief when she was just 24 years old?
Sassy
The Diagram Prize is given every year to the book with which unique feature - shortest sentences, oddest title, or most pages?
Oddest Title
What year did People magazine first hit newsstands - 1969, 1974, or 1977?
1974
According to the Hipster handbook what is a “bronson”?
Beer
The book Game of Shadows focuses on steroid allegations connected to what athlete?
Barry Bonds
What Shakespeare character inspired the first name of the title character in the graphic novel Y: The Last Man?
Yorick
Of "The Rolling Stone 500 Greatest Songs of all time," what is the only song not performed in English? 
La bamda
What group performed the 1994 hit "Cotton Eye Joe," which became popular at wedding receptions and sporting events?
Rednex 
Now an art museum, the Musee D'Orsay in Paris was formerly what kind of public building?
Train station
What long-running Broadway musical was based on an epic French novel published in 1862? 
Les Miserables 
How many syllables does  the second line of a haiku have in English? 
7
Name six of the nine members of The Fellowship of the Ring in Lord of the Rings trilogy. 
Aragorn, Boromir, Frodo, Gandalf, Gimli, Legolas, Merry, Pippin, Sam 
Which writer was a man - George Eliot, George Orwell, or George sand?
George Orwell 
What's the trick novel about World War II begins, " it was love at first sight"? 
Catch 22
What sports league does The Onion satirize with a coach whose advice is "Turn left! Go straight!"?
NASCAR
In whose honor was the University of Virginia's Raven Society established?
Edgar Allan Poe
What is Max wearing on the night he makes " Mischief of one kind  and another" in Where the Wild Things Are?
Wolf suit
Which character is not in the Family Circus comic - Billy, Dolly, Jeffy, Timmy, or PJ?
Timmy
Which is not a real Museum - International Museum of toilets, the hobo Museum, the International Spy Museum, or the Museum of soups?
The Museum of soups
Spalding Gary's one-man play Swimming to Cambodia was inspired by his experiences filming what 1984 Oscar nominated drama?
The Killing Fields 
Who did not win the Nobel Prize in literature - Faulkner, Fitzgerald, Hemingway, or Steinbeck?
Fitzgerald 
Name three of the four houses at Hogwarts in the Harry Potter series? 
Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, Slytherin
In the Harry Potter series, what two Weasley siblings are twins? 
Fred and George
If someone likens you to "Mrs. Grundy," what do they think you are - frail, prudish, or vain? 
Prudish
In Roald Dahl's Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, what does Arthur slugworth ask Charlie to steal from Willy Wonka's factory?
Everlasting Gobstopper
What novel begins with Alex and his "three droogs," wearing "flip horrorshow boots" and considering a bit of the "ultra-violent"?
A Clockwork Orange
What animal does Christopher Robin call a Heffalump in Winnie the Pooh? 
Elephant
Which is not a Charles Bukowski book - love is a dog from Hell, hurry up and get out of my house, Ham on Rye, or play the piano drunk like a percussion instrument until the fingers begin to bleed a bit? 
Hurry Up and Get out of My House
What publication calls itself " the magazine for women with something to get off their chest"? 
Bust magazine
What musical based on a Stephen King novel close after 5 performances in 1988?
Carrie
According to JK Rowling, what Harry Potter character is gay?
Dumbledore
If the days of the week are in alphabetical order, which comes last? 
Wednesday
In Marvel Comics, who has an assistant named Pepper Potts?
Iron Man
What color were the gates, installed by Christo and Jeanne-Claude in Central Park in 2005?
Orange
Who painted nude descending a staircase, No. 2, which was jokingly referred to as " explosion in a shingle Factory"?
Marcel Duchamp 
Which novel is not by Stephen King - Christine, desperation, it, or velocity? 
Velocity
What profession do comic book characters J. Jonah Jameson and  Perry white share? 
Newspaper editor
What is created when a large group of people suddenly enter a public space, engage in some pre-planned action, and adjourn just as suddenly?
Flash mob
What alternative weekly newspaper has surveyed music critics annually since 1974 for its pazz and Jop poll?
The Village Voice
What is the first name of the woman in at least 240 Andrew Wyeth paintings and sketches, many of the nudes?
Helga
Which dance style is not considered Ballroom - ballet, Quick-Step, Tango, or Waltz? 
Ballet
Who was just  21 years old when he choreographed - bring in ‘da noise bring in ‘da funk? 
Savion Glover
What American novelist created the character rabbit angstrom? 
John Updike
What style of dance is showcased in the 1984 film subtitle Electric Boogaloo? 
Breakdancing
What word is derived from a person's name - epigram, epiphone, or eponym? 
Eponym
What industry term for a gossipy publication is also a name for 11" by 17" copy paper? 
Tabloid
Author Robert Pirsig notes that what 1974 book shouldn't be taken as factual concerning the religion or vehicle in its title?
Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance
What is the unlikely subject of the 2004 best seller "eats, shoots & leaves"? 
Punctuation
If you see Dad would making an enormous sandwich, what comic strip are you reading? 
Blondie
In Homer's Odyssey, what is the name of Odysseus's dog  - Ajax, Anthrax, or Argos? 
Argos
What potion in the Harry Potter series will allow you to look like someone else? 
Polyjuice Potion
What was L. frank Baum looking at when he thought of the name Oz - and encyclopedia, a filing cabinet, or the Starry Sky? 
Filing Cabinet
According to Legend Greek playwright Aeschylus died when what was dropped on his head -An anvil, an axe, or a tortoise? 
Tortoise
What annual award represents the Pinnacle of achievement in the sci-fi/fantasy genre? 
Hugo award
Auguste Rodin's sculpture the thinker was conceived as a likeness of what famous author?
Dante
What actress's 1990 autobiography is titled Little girl lost?
Drew Barrymore
How many sonnets did William Shakespeare write - 16, 88, or 154? 
154
What according to The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is the ultimate answer to " life the universe and everything"? 
42
According to the title of an 80s best seller, " real men don't eat" what? 
Quiche
What marmalade loving bear lived in darkest Peru before moving to London? 
Paddington
According to the nursery rhyme, how many blackbirds were baked in a pie? 
Four and twenty
What is Oswald cobblepot - one of that man's greatest nemesis - better known as? 
The Penguin
Who is the first Monster killed by Beowulf? 
Grendel
What is both an English rock band and a 1920s German art movement? 
Bauhaus
What humor columnist wrote the books "big trouble" and "tricky business"?
Dave Barry
What children's book begins, " once there was a tree... and she loved a little boy"? 
The Giving Tree
What novel begins, " my mother drove me to the airport with the windows rolled down. It was 75 degrees in Phoenix, the sky a perfect, cloudless blue"?
Twilight
What is the longest book in the Harry Potter series? 
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
What's the name of the hotel Jack caretakes in The Shining? 
The Overlook
Which of these is not a member of the Fantastic Four - mr. fantastic, the Human Torch, The Invisible Woman, Mole Man, or the Thing? 
Mole Man
In 2009 how many people received the Tony award for best leading actor in a musical? 
Three
What bird inspired poem by John Keats begin, " my heart aches, and a drowsy numbness pains my sense, as though of Hemlock I had drunk"? 
Ode to a Nightingale
What Neal Stephenson novel features Hiro protagonist, " last of the freelance hackers"  and "greatest sword fighter in the world"? 
Snow Crash
Who wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People? 
Dale Carnegie
What term describes words that sound like what they are, such as ping pong or crunch? 
Onomatopoeia
What is the name of Babar the elephant wife?
Celeste
Castle Rock, Derry, and Jerusalem's Lot our Maine towns Imagine by what author? 
Stephen King
What children's book character has the middle name Delicatessen Windowshade Mackrelmint Efraim's Daughter?
Pippi Longstocking
London's Great Ormond Street Hospital owns the rights to what famous children's book? 
Peter Pan
What museum institution was originally funded by British scientist named James Smithson ?
Smithsonian
What American Artist created pieces including calla lily turned away, black and purple petunias, and Poppy? 
Georgia O'Keeffee
Who wrote the novella the body, which the film Stand by Me was based on? 
Stephen King
What famed 17th century English diarist ended journal entries with " and so to bed"? 
Samuel Pepys
What title did Burt Reynolds and Magic Johnson give their autobiographies? 
My Life
What suit is the queen in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland? 
Hearts
According to the Ambrose Bierce, what is " a minor form of Despair disguised as virtue"? 
Patience
What is both the last name of an artist famed for Old West works and the first name of TV detective played by Pierce Brosnan?
Remington
What creature did playwright Henrik Ibsen keep as a pet on his writing desk - a tarantula, Scorpion, or snail?
Scorpion
What classic American novel was originally titled Trimalchio in West Egg?
The Great Gatsby
What woodwind instrument is sometimes called a " licorice stick"? 
Clarinet
What Jane Austen novel is the 1995 movie Clueless based on? 
Emma
What post-war novel's plot includes fireman burning books and was considered an indictment of censorship? 
Fahrenheit 451
What novel features a cruel slave owner named Simon Legree? 
Uncle Tom's Cabin
In what Charles Frazier novel does W. P. Inman try to get home to reunite with Ada,  the woman he loves? 
Cold Mountain
What actor starred on Broadway in How to Succeed In Business Without Really Trying and The producers? 
Matthew Broderick
What 2001 book noted that McDonald's was the biggest u.s. buyer of beef, pork and potatoes? 
Fast Food Nation
Who was the first man to appear on the cover of Vogue, in 1992? 
Richard Gere
What notable fashion designer is the daughter of a Beatle? 
Stella McCartney
What Ian Fleming novel has inspired two different James Bond movies? 
Casino Royale
What Shakespearean character sends his former schoolmates Rosencrantz and Guildenstern to their deaths? 
Hamlet
Leroy Brown, Idaville's greatest detective, is better known by what nickname? 
Encyclopedia
What painting was stolen in broad daylight from a museum in Oslo, Norway, in 2004? 
The Scream
What novel did the New York Times call " Dan Brown's best selling primer on how not to write an English sentence"? 
The Da Vinci Code
Name three of the six Stephen King novels whose titles begin with the letter c. 
Carrie, Cell, Christine, (The) Colorado Kid, Cujo, Cycle of the Werewolf
What two punctuation marks are superimposed to create in interrobang? 
Question mark and exclamation point
What comic book anti-hero becomes dr. Bruce Banner when relaxed? 
The Incredible Hulk
What letter is intentionally left out of Ernest Vincent Wright's novel Gadsby: Champion of Youth? 
E
What type of tree grows in the land where The Owl and the Pussycat arrive, after they'd " sailed away, for a year and a day"? 
Bong
What fictional pirate goes by the nicknames " barbecue" and "Sea-Cook"? 
Long John Silver
What children's book character interacts with Dab-Dab the duck, Gub-Gub the pig, and Chee-Chee the monkey? 
Dr. Dolittle
In The Lord of the Rings, how many rings were forged for mortal mean? 
Nine
What's the name for the placeholder text used in the Printing and Publishing industry? 
Lorem ipsum
On what Shakespearean play did Stephanie Meyer Loosely based New Moon, the second book of the Twilight series? 
Romeo and Juliet
What comic strip character shares a name with a muddy Rock Festival? 
Woodstock
In 2008, what writers $300 million in earnings pushed her ahead of Oprah on Forbes magazine's celebrity ranking? 
J.K. Rowling
What Standard newspaper feature first appeared in the New York World in 1913? 
Crossword puzzle
What is the name of Bilbo Baggin's magical sword in The Hobbit? 
Sting
What nun became famous for taking TV viewers on art tours around the world's museums? 
Sister Wendy
What is the name of Mad Magazine's mascot? 
Alfred E. Neuman
What American pop star wrote the children's book The English roses? 
Madonna
What comic book artist inked the Fantastic Four, Incredible Hulk, and Captain America? 
Jack Kirby
In Greek mythology, what nymph was jilted by Narcissus, then pined away for him until nothing but her voice remained?
Echo
What Andrew Lloyd Webber Rock musical is performed on roller skate? 
Starlight Express
Who read her poem " on the pulse of the morning" at Bill Clinton's 1993 inauguration? 
Maya Angelou
Leopold Bloom is the hero of what James Joyce novel? 
Ulysses
What self-help book by Rhonda Byrne focuses on using the power of positive thinking to attain wealth and happiness? 
The Secret
What is the first message Charlotte weaves in Charlotte's Web? 
SOME PIG!
What author has also published under the names Anne Rampling and A. N. Roquelaure? 
Anne Rice
What artist put a shark in formaldehyde, creating an artwork that eventually sold for $8 million ?
Damien Hirst
Who's famous painting shows a woman in a red dress and two businessmen at a diner underneath a sign for Phillies cigars? 
Edward Hopper
What publication uses the motto " America's Finest news source"? 
The Onion
In The Sound of Music, which is not one of Maria's favorite things - strudel, packages, tea, or snowflakes? 
Tea
What comic strip was reprinted in books titled Scientific Progress Goes "Boink", Yukon Ho!, and Weirdos from Another Planet!? 
Calvin and Hobbes
What hard-living novelist helped popularize the Daiquiri? 
Ernest Hemingway
What best-selling children's book by Louis Sachar features a palindromic protagonist named Stanley Yelnats? 
Holes
What writer created the character Miss Marple? 
Agatha Christie
What annual publishing phenomenon began humbly in 1964 as a feature on skin diving? 
Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue
In what city does the Armistead Maupin's Tale of the City take place? 
San Francisco
What best-selling author was married to Top Chef host Padma Lakshmi? 
Salman Rushdie
What English writer and poet wrote the celebrated World War 1 memoir Goodbye to All That? 
Robert Graves
What everyday object did Marcel Duchamp submit to a 1917 exhibition with the title Fountain? 
Urinal
What media mogul is the CEO of News corporation, home of Fox News and the Wall Street Journal? 
Rupert Murdoch
What 1995 dating advice book includes the admonition " don't call him and rarely return his calls"? 
The Rules
Which artist was not an abstract expressionist - Jackson Pollock, Roy Lichtenstein, Willem de Kooning, or Mark rothko? 
Roy Lichtenstein
Bill Gates bought whose notebook for more than $30 million in 1994? 
Leonardo da Vinci
What architect designed the Walt Disney Concert Hall, Guggenheim Bilbao, and Experience music project? 
Frank Gehry
According to his creator, what fictional character's name means " white skin"  in ape talk? 
Tarzan
What is the name of the wizarding world's daily newspaper in the Harry Potter books and films?
The Daily Prophet
What graphic artist retold the Holocaust with cats and mice?
Art Spiegelman
What future Sex and the City figure defected to the West when touring with the Bolshoi Ballet?
Mikhail Baryshnikov
What brand of broom did Harry Potter received in the book Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone?
Nimbus 2000
According to the song with the line " his name is my name too," what is his name? 
John JAcob Jingleheimer Schmidt
The Lego set for what famous Mausoleum contains more than 5900 pieces? 
Taj Mahal
What poet started one of her most famous poems with the line " I'm nobody! who are you?" 
Emily Dickinson
What is the title of Tony kushner's two-part play about the AIDS crisis? 
Angels in America
What novel features a first mate who shares a name with a coffee company? 
Moby-Dick
What autobiographical book Chronicles Dave Eggers's efforts to raise his younger brother? 
A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius
Which Bourne Thriller was not written by Robert Ludlum - Supremacy, Legacy, or ultimatum? 
Legacy
According to the Bible, what Apostle doubted the resurrection of Jesus and wanted to touch him? 
Thomas
What species of whale is Moby Dick? 
Sperm
What does the super villain Galactus eat?
Planets
Officially "Themyscira," what is Wonder Woman's home more commonly known as? 
Paradise Island
What men's magazine has awarded its annual sexiest woman alive title to Kate Beckinsale, Halle Berry, and Charlize Theron?  
Esquire
How many Darling children are in Peter Pan? 
Three
What does Charlie Brown's dad do for a living? 
Barber
What poet wrote, " I celebrate myself, and sing myself"? 
Walt Whitman
What comic book character was created by a male psychologist as an alternative to other superheroes? 
Wonder Woman
What supermarket tabloid featured regular appearances by Bat Bboy, Ed anger, and an alien interested in us politics? 
The Weekly World News
What was the first book ever sold on Amazon about - artificial intelligence, French cuisine, or parakeets? 
Artificial intelligence
In the comic strip peanuts, who is Lucy in love with? 
Schroeder
What pop artist made a guest appearance on The Love Boat? 
Andy Warhol
What tenor has been called " King of the high Cs"? 
(Luciano) Pavarotti
In the Peanuts comic strip, what is the name of Linus and Lucy's little brother? 
Rerun
What 1996 fictional diary included a running tally of the heroine's cigarettes, alcohol, and calorie consumption?
Bridget Jones's Diary
What structure did the Chrysler Building surpass in 1929 as the tallest building in the world? 
Eiffel Tower
What Simpsonian expression made it into the New Oxford dictionary of English in 1998? 
D'oh
Tom Wolfe originally wrote The Bonfire of the Vanities for what magazine? 
Rolling Stone
Name at least five of the nine members of the Weasley family in the Harry Potter series? 
Arthur, Bill, Charlie, Fred, George, Ginny, Molly, Percy, Ron
What Michelle Pfeiffer movie was based on the book My Posse don't do Homework? 
Dangerous Minds
What is the only letter of the alphabet with more than one syllable? 
W
What multiheaded dog guards the gates of the underworld in Greek and Roman mythology?
Cerberus
What Annie Proulx short story, featuring characters named Ennis Del Mar and Jack Twist, was turned into an Oscar-winning movie?
Brokeback Mountain
What is the name of the dot on a lowercase/ -jot, stipple or title?
Tittle
What are the first three books in the Twilight series by Stephanie Meyer?
Twilight, New Moon, Eclipse
If you're a student at Hogwarts, what decides which of the four houses you reside in?
The Sorting Hat
What 19th-century poet was famous for being "mad, bad, and dangerous to know"?
Lord Byron
What is Frankenstein's first name- Henry, Stanley or Victor?
Victor
What novel begins, "It is a truth universally acknowledged that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife"?
Pride and Prejudice
What is the drug used to mollify people in Aldous Huxley's book Brave New World?
Soma
What is the name of the Dickens character that has given us a synonym for miser?
Scrooge
What John Waters movie was turned into a musical that was turned into a movie?
Hairspray
According to the proverb, what does a rolling stone not gather?
Moss
What comic strip ended a ten-year run in 1995 with one character saying to another, "Let's go exploring!"
Calvin and Hobbes
In the Harry Potter books, what do people look into in order to see their hearts' desires?
Mirror of Erised
What was the left-hand page of an open book officially called?
Verso
Barbara Cartland sold millions of novels in what genre?
Romance
What artist's work hung upside down at the Museum of Modern Art for 47 days before noticed?
Henri Matisse
What school is Holden Caulfield kicked out of at the beginning of The Catcher in the Rye?
Pencey Prep
What teaching method includes a large oval table where up to 12 students and a teacher discuss various subjects?
Harkness
Yale quarterback Brian Dowling was the model for what Doonesbury character?
B.D.
What was the pen name of Eric Blair? 
George Orwell
Cynthia Brimhall was the first Playboy Playmate to appear in her centerfold free of what?
Staples
What gay teen heartthrob entitled his 2007 memoir Out of Sync?
Lance Bass
What designer's clothing line has not been featured at Target – Isaac Mizrahi, Jean Paul Gaulier, Zac Posen, or Vera Wang?
Vera Wang
What does Horton hear?
A Who
What pop musician is a descendant of novelist Herman Melville?
Moby
GQ called a poster of whom "the most influential piece of men's art of the last 50 years?
Farrah Fawcett
Who wrote a memoir of a hard childhood in Ireland, calling it Angela's Ashes after his mother?
Frank McCourt
What European art museum has a glass pyramid in its courtyard?
The Louvre
Andy Warhol played himself on the 200th episode of what Aaron Spellings series?
The Love Boat
What are the million little pieces pictured on the cover of James Frey's bestseller of the same name?
Candy sprinkles
What Cirque du Soleil show is billed as "the sensual side" of the franchise?
Zumanity
The disapproving father of what artist referred to her marriage to Diego Rivera as "an elephant and a dove"?
Frida Kahlo
What smash Broadway musical's author wrote for years in obscurity but died just weeks before his show opened?
Rent
Name three of the four superheroes who founded the Fantastic Four.
Mr. Fantastic, the Invisible Girl, the Human Torch, the Thing
Who earned an Oscar nomination for her portrayal of Mexican artist Frida Kahlo?
Salma Hayek
What book – besides the Bible – are you likely to find in your Marriott hotel room?
Book of Mormon
What type of book would a lexicographer write or edit?
Dictionary
In To Kill a Mockingbird, what are the nicknames of Atticus Finch's children?
Scout and Jem
The controversial artwork The Holy Virgin Mary by artist Chris Ofili includes the dung of what animal?
Elephant
Who wrote The Fight, about the 1974 world heavyweight championship bout between Muhammad Ali and George Foreman?
Norman Mailer
