What dictator did American troops try to force out of hiding at the Vatican embassy in Panama in 1989 by blasting loud, continuous rock music?
Manuel Noriega
What legal document delved into explicit details about the sex life of President Bill Clinton?
The Starr Report
Who fathered Sarah Palin's first grandchild?
Levi Johnston
What treat was orginally called "fairy floss"?
Cotton Candy
In what European city would you once have encountered a sign stating, "You are leaving the American sector"?
Berlin
What name was given to the hunt for Communism within the U.S. government in the 1940s and 1950s?
McCarthyism
What three countries did President Bush call the "axis of evil"?
Iran, Iraq, North Korea
The minimum legal age for what activity was established in July 1984 in most states?
Drinking
William Tecumseh Sherman coined a statement famously echoed by others pledging not to do what?
Run for president
Which has never been an American political party - Green, Reform, Socialist, Voters, or Whig?
Voters
What U.S. automaker was removed from the Dow Jones in June 2009?
GM
Who was the first First Lady elected to the U.S. Senate?
Hillary Clinton
In April 1943, Albert Hofmann bicycled home under the influence of what newly discovered drug?
LSD
What is the female equivalent of knighthood?
Damehood
What US holiday commemorates the end of slavery?
Juneteenth
What crucial piece did the original Mr. Potato Head toy not include?
Body(potato)
Who is Joseph Ratzinger also known as?
Pope Benedict XVI
What presidential candidate was dubbed a “maverick” for his often-unconventional approach?
John McCain
What exercise machine was used for prisoner reform in Britain in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries?
Treadmill
The birthday of what American Patriot is now celebrated as National handwriting day? 
John Hancock
What was the nickname for a woman who took on a traditionally male job during World War II?
Rosie the Riveter
In what war did the Tuskegee Airmen fight?
World War II 
Name three of the six US presidents with the first name James.
Madison, Monroe, Polk, Buchanan, Garfield, Carter
What was the original name of the Pillsbury Doughboy?
Poppin fresh 
Who was the first woman to serve on the US Supreme Court?
Sandra Day O'Connor
What female reporter has been questioning presidents since 1961?
Helen Thomas
What does POTUS stand for?
President of the United States
What relative of George W bush is known for being a model and a vegetarian?
Lauren
What mode of transportation did Joe Biden take to work when he was US senator from Delaware?
Train
What 9 digit number is made up of these elements: area, group, and serial?
Social security number
What Mark did the Dow Jones surpass for the first time in March 1999?
10000 
In 1919 21 people were killed in Boston when a storage tank burst and flooded the streets with over two million gallons of what liquid?
Molasses 
Huddie Ledbetter is the original name of what famous bluesman and folk musician? 
Lead Belly
The makers of what candy patented an anti melting process in 1941?
M&M's
How many men have become  president of the United States after their fathers? 
Two
Fawn Hall was the infamous paper shredding Secretary of what participant in the 1980s Iran-Contra Affair? 
Oliver North
Name two of the three women to appear on circulating U.S. currency?
Susan B. Anthony, Helen Keller, Sacagawea
Who was the first African American US Secretary of State? 
Colin Powell
What presidential child was named after a Joni Mitchell song? 
Chelsea Clinton
What popular a capella song did George HW Bush's 1988 presidential campaign stop using as an Anthem after the songwriter objected? 
"Don't Woory, Be Happy"
What US president set Thanksgiving on the fourth Thursday of November to establish a longer holiday shopping season?
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Who was the first African-American host of a national late night TV talk show?
Arsenio Hall
What " New Media" company bought the "old Media" Company Time Warner in 2000? 
American Online
What world leader was known as prisoner 466/64 for 18 years of his life? 
Nelson Mandela
What American fashion designer was born Ralph Lifshitz? 
Ralph Lauren
What common greeting was banned in Rome in 1928?
Handshake
In 1989 a Soviet official jokingly named the doctrine of letting Eastern European countries make their own way after what American singer?
Frank Sinatra
Jelly Belly introduces blueberry flavor especially for the inauguration of what president?
Ronald Reagan
What candy was developed in the 1940s through a collaboration between Forrest Mars and Bruce Murray? 
M&Ms
In 2000, what state had to recount presidential election votes due to hanging and dimpled Chads? 
Florida
What was the first American TV series broadcast in the Soviet Union, in 1989 - Fraggle Rock, The Love Boat, or Knight Rider? 
Fraggle Rock
Which u.s. president served the shortest term in office - Martin Van Buren, William Henry Harrison, or Richard Nixon? 
William Henry Harrison
What university did Bill and Chelsea Clinton both attend? 
Oxford
According to the US Department of Homeland Security advisory system, what color indicates the lowest level of threat? 
Green
What president appears on the nickel and $2 bill? 
Thomas Jefferson
What could no longer be advertised on TV as of January 1971? 
Cigarettes
What brand of candy based its name on the German word for peppermint, pfefferminz? 
Pez
What is the generation of people born from 1946 to 1964 called? 
Baby Boomers
What item of clothing got its name from a nuclear bomb test site? 
Bikini
What is McGruff the crime dog's catch phrase?
Take a bite out of crime
In 2009, a 15 year old from Iowa 1 $50,000 for doing what with her thumbs? 
Texting
In what religious Faith was Richard Nixon raised - Catholicism, Judaism, or quakerism? 
Quakerism
What prime minister of the United Kingdom was nicknamed " Bambi"? 
Tony Blair
Who was the first woman in modern history to lead a Muslim country? 
Benazir Bhutto
Project Blue Book was the name of a long-term US Air Force investigation into what? 
UFOs
Early in the Civil War, the brother of what man saved President Lincoln's son from being crushed by a train? 
John Wilkes Booth
During his 1959 tour of the United States, Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev was denied a visit to what California attraction because of security concerns?
Disneyland
Who is recognized in the United States on the third Monday in January? 
Martin Luther King Jr.
What medicine cabinet Mainstay was first marketed under the name baby gays? 
Q-tips
The Peace Corps was created during the administration of what president? 
John F. Kennedy
What website broke the news of Bill Clinton's affair with Monica Lewinsky? 
Drudge Report
Who was the first elected leader of post-soviet Russia? 
Boris Yeltsin
One day in 1996, Binti Jua rescued at 3 year old boy who fell into a pit at in Illinois zoo. Who is Binti Jua?
Gorilla
In what state would you find area 51?
Nevada
What chewy candy was named after its purveyor's 5 year old daughter? 
Tootsie Roll
Name four of the G8 countries? 
Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Russia, United Kingdom, United States
British Sailors were issued a daily ration, or "tot", of what drink for about 300 years? 
Rum
What is the minimum number of electoral votes needed to be elected president of the United States? 
270
What car maker did Swatch team up with to manufacture the first SMART car in 1994?
Mercedes-Benz
Alexander the Great was a student of what Greek philosopher? 
Aristotle
What music legend was reported as a suspicious person and had his identity question by New Jersey police in 2009? 
Bob Dylan
During whose presidency did The Teapot Dome scandal take place? 
Warren G. Hardling
George W bush said, " brownie you're doing a heck of a job" to the director of what government agency? 
FEMA
Mata Hari was executed by firing squad in 1917 after she was found guilty of spying for what country?
Germany
Which evangelist has not been caught in a sex scandal - Ted Haggard, Jim Bakker, Oral Roberts, or Jimmy Swaggart? 
Oral Roberts
What u.s. naval hero shares his name with a member of Led Zeppelin? 
John Paul Jones
The announcement " it's a free concert from now on" was music to fans ears at what watershed event? 
Woodstock
Richard Roeper
Martin Luther King Jr delivered his " I've been to the Mountaintop" speech in what city? 
Say Anything
In what city is Jim Morrison buried? 
Popeye
What Chinese leader required everyone under his rule to know and perform a " loyalty dance"? 
Who's wax-figure fly was sewn shut by Madame Tussauds in 1998 after patrons kept unzipping it? 
Bill Clinton
The month of July is named for what historical leader? 
Julius Caesar
What crocheted gift did Martha Stewart receive while leaving prison in 2005, then turn into an internet sensation? 
Poncho
The stock market crash of October 19, 1987, is popularly known as what? 
Black Monday
What outdoor apparel store was founded in 1912 by a man whose first and middle names were Leon leonwood?
L. L. Bean
What former Saturday Night Live comic became a US senator from Minnesota in 2009? 
Al Franken
What US state was the first to legalize same-sex marriage?
Massachusetts
In 2007, what higher authority issued a list of Commandments with the goal of promoting virtuous driving? 
The Vatican
What holiday was banned in England in 1647? 
Christmas
What future president was offered pro football contracts with the Detroit Lions and Green Bay Packers? 
Gerald Ford
Who was the first Miss America to resign?
Vanessa Williams
Who roasted George Bush at the 2006 White House correspondents' association dinner, saying " reality has a well-known liberal bias"? 
Stephen Colbert
What publication, nickname " the nation's newspaper," printed its first edition on September 15, 1982?
USA Today
What overhyped bug was expected to cause widespread computer failure at the turn of the millennium? 
Y2K
What retro school supply features illustration of high school sports?
Pee Chee
Who was Dionysus,  the ancient Greek god of wine, to the ancient Romans? 
Bacchus
What late us congressman and his wife had the hit single " I Got You Babe"? 
Sonny Bono
Who was the only u.s. president never to marry - James Buchanan, Thomas Jefferson, or Richard Nixon? 
James Buchanan
In a 2000 presidential debate,George W bush accused Al Gore of justifying his economic policies with what kind of math? 
Fuzzy
In 2009, California officials shut down an eighty-year-old entrepreneur for operating what without a business license?
Lemonade stand
What rock frontmen repeatedly phoned the George H W Bush White House from the stage? 
Bono
Who was the first female US Secretary of State? 
Madeleine Albright
What crayon color did Crayola rename " Peach" in 1962? 
Flesh
What u.s. Congressman played Gopher on The Love Boat? 
Fred Grandy
What is the secret service codename for Barack Obama - Ranger, Renegade, or Rambler? 
Renegade
What polish labor union was originally led by Lech Walesa? 
Solidarity
What country split into two in the " Velvet Divorce"? 
Czechoslovakia
What role did US Congressman Ben Jones play on The Dukes of Hazzard? 
Cooter
What US Supreme Court decision has been at the center of the abortion debate since 1973? 
Roe v. Wade
Who said, " history is more or less bunk" - Richard Nixon, Karl Rove, or Henry Ford? 
Henry Ford
What member of OJ Simpson's " dream team" said, " if it doesn't fit, you must acquit"? 
Johnnie Cochran
"To achieve equality of Rights and eliminate race Prejudice among the citizens of the United States" is an objective of what organization?
NAACP (National Association for the Advancement of Colored People)
In 1973, the highly publicized " battle of the sexes" pitted Bobby Riggs against what tennis Ace? 
Billie Jean King
Who delivered the first inaugural address without saying "I" - Abraham Lincoln, Theodore Roosevelt, John F Kennedy, or Bill Clinton? 
Theodore Roosevelt
What are the titles of Barack Obama's first two books? 
Dreams from My Father and The Audacity of Hope
What cylindrical food container was so prized by its inventor that he requested his ashes be interred in one? 
Pringles can
Who was the first female us Speaker of the house? 
Nancy Pelosi
What Nickelodeon show popularized the phrase " yes we can!" before Barack Obama? 
Bob the Builder
What member of the Shoshone tribe appeared on the golden dollar coin in 2000? 
Sacagawea
Who starred in The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly and served as Mayor of Carmel, California? 
Clint Eastwood
What event was Abraham Lincoln attending when he was assassinated? 
A play
What was the top of the Empire State Building originally designed for? 
Docking airships
Who left her dog, Trouble, $12 million in her will? 
Leona Helmsley
What charitable organization points out that " a mind is a terrible thing to waste"? 
United Negro College Fund
What musical act was sued by the estate of civil rights Pioneer Rosa Parks for naming a song after her?
OutKast
What two Nations fought the Falklands War in 1982? 
Argentina and the United Kingdom
According to Aristotle, where is the seat of intelligence? 
Heart
What was Bill Clinton's presidential campaign theme song? 
"Don't Stop"
What does FOIA stand for? 
Freedom of Information Act
What versatile material was developed to keep GI ammunition cases dry during World War II? 
Duct Tape
What US president did Chevy Chase spoof as accident prone on Saturday Night Live? 
Gerald Ford
What last name did Melinda French take in 1994 when she wed her company's CEO? 
Gates
Journalist Thomas Friedman famously noted that no two countries had started a war against each other after each had acquired a franchise of what restaurant? 
McDonald's
What were president Lyndon Johnson's pets Soup and Noodles - peacocks, goats, or donkeys? 
Donkeys
What did the first Vatican Council declare the pope to be?
Infallible
The Dvorak layout, patented in 1936, was created as a more efficient way to do what? 
Type
What cult was led by Jim Jones, who forced hundreds to commit mass suicide in Jonestown, Guyana? 
Peoples Temple
What political power couple saw Spike Lee's Do the Right Thing on their first date? 
Barack and Michelle Obama
What was the Philippe Petit arrested for walking on in New York City in 1974? 
A tightrope
In what city did the first Starbucks open? 
Seattle
President George W bush gave a surprise neck massage to the leader of what country during a 2006 Summit? 
Germany
What Japanese city is synonymous with efforts to stem global warming? 
Kyoto
What did Alexander Hamilton and Aaron Burr have in the woods of Weehawken in July 1804?
Duel
What two Italian immigrants were executed in 1927 after a notoriously biased murder trial in Massachusetts?
Sacco and Vanzetti
Which profession was allegedly listed on Al Capone's business card - accountant, furniture dealer, or mortician? 
Furniture Dealer
Who did Gordon Brown replace in 2007 as prime minister of the United Kingdom? 
Tony Blair
What drink was invented by a pharmacist in Atlanta in 1886? 
Coca-Cola
Name two of the three Supreme Court Justices appointed by Ronald Reagan. 
Sandra Day O'Connor, Antonin Scalia, Anthony Kennedy
Tommy Lee Jones and Al Gore were roommates at what university? 
Harvard
In 2000, what family values Republican married his third wife - a congressional aide with whom he'd allegedly had an affair? 
Newt Gingrich
Who are the only two US presidents to have been impeached?
Bill Clinton and Andrew Jackson
Who traveled to North Korea in 2009 to secure the release of American journalists?
Bill Clinton
Who was Janet Jackson dancing with when she experienced her Super Bowl wardrobe malfunction?
Justin Timberlake
What did a 2009 study find on 90 percent of U.S. currency bills?
Cocaine
What company took its gum off the civilian market in 1944 and sent it to the troops?
Wrigley
Poet Walt Whitman served as a nurse in what war? 
U.S. Civil War
What is both the Greek god of music and a longtime NASA program? 
Apollo
Who signed bills into law with his right hand - Ronald Reagan, George H W Bush, Bill Clinton, George W bush, or Barack Obama? 
George W. Bush
Who won the popular vote for the US presidency in 2000 by more than half a million votes? 
Al Gore
Who was the only u.s. president to serve non-consecutive terms? 
Grover Cleveland
What popular mixture of ditali, ditalini, tubetti and tubetini first hit dinner bowls in 1965?
SpaghettiOs
With what slave did Thomas Jefferson father at least one child, according to a 1998 DNA test? 
Sally Hemings
Who comes after the u.s. Vice President in the line of presidential succession? 
Speaker of the House
What neighboring country did Switzerland accidentally invade in 2007? 
Liechtenstein
What former president allegedly said that Gerald Ford was " so dumb he can't fart and chew gum at the same time"? 
Lyndon B. Johnson
What's secondary - now obsolete - profession of Barbers led to the striped Barber Shop Pole? 
Bloodletting
Which was introduced first in the United States - Coca-Cola, dr. pepper, Pepsi Cola, or Squirt? 
Dr. Pepper
What did woodsy owl often exclaim on TV in the 70s and 80s? 
"Give a hoot! Don't pollute!"
What style of jeans descended from Naval attire? 
Bell-bottoms
On what University campus did the National Guard open fire on a group of students protesting the u.s. bombing of Cambodia? 
Kent State
What did the I and E stand for in UNICEF? 
International, Emergency
Who shot Harry Whittington On February 11, 2006? 
Dick Cheney
What famous commuter reflected, " my only concern was to get home after a hard day's work"? 
Rosa Parks
What former vice presidential candidate has children named Track, Trig, Bristol, Willow, and Piper?
Sarah Palin
What company introduced the .357 Magnum, in 1935? 
Smith & Wesson
According to criminal law, what is the minimum number of people necessary for a riot - 3, 7, or 10? 
Three
What footwear did hecklers brandish  to mock 2004 presidential candidate John Kerry? 
Flip-flops
Name two of the four US presidents who have won a Nobel Peace Prize. 
Jimmy Carter, Barack Obama, Theodore Roosevelt, Woodrow Wilson
In 1910, about what percentage of American aged 25 or over had college degrees - 3, 10, or 16 percent? 
3 percent
Who wrote "Industrial society and its future," published under duress by the New York Times and Washington Post on September 19, 1995? 
Ted Kaczynski
What kitchen appliance help Nike co-founder Bill Bowerman revolutionize running shoe soles? 
Waffle iron
What performance group did sharpshooter Annie Oakley tour with? 
Buffalo Bill's Wild West
What astronomer lost part of his nose in a duel and took to wearing a metal replacement? 
Tycho Brahe
The original location of what international steakhouse chain opened in New Orleans in 1927?
Ruth's Chris Steak House
Who was the "Hollywood Madam," whose brothel's celebrity clientele included Charlie Sheen?
Heidi Fleiss
What was the name given to the African American regiments of the US Army that served in the West after the Civil War?
Buffalo Soldiers
What Republican first lady was nicknamed the "Silver Fox"?
Barbara Bush
What Wrigley's gum was the first item ever to have its bar code scanned?
Juicy Fruit
Who is married to the Duchess of Cornwall?
Prince Charles
"Hanging" and "pregnant" describe varieties of what voting mishap?
Chad
As of 2009, who is the only US Supreme court justice with experience as a trial judge?
Sonia Sotomayor
In what war did Joan of Arc lead the French Army?
Hundred Years' War
During Prohibition, what name was given to those who smuggled alcohol?
Bootlegger
Who was a play-by-play radio announcer for the Chicago Cubs before becoming president?
Ronald Reagan
What national bank started out in San Francisco as Bank of Italy?
Bank of America
After a century and a half of control, Britain relinquished what colony to China in 1997?
Hong Kong
In May 1986, millions linked what body parts in an attempt to span the United States"
Hands
What Asian leader and film buff kidnapped a popular actress and her director husband to improve the quality of state propaganda films?
Kim Jong-il
What was the first department store in the United States to establish wedding registries?
Marshall Field's
Which first lady was wrongfully accused of fatally poisoning her husband- Florence Harding, Ida McKinley, or Dolley Madison?
Florence Harding
Which was not an original flavor of Skittles candies- lemon, lime, grape, or cherry?
Cherry
When Disneyland's Tomorrowland opened in 1955, it depicted a futuristic city of what year- 1986, 2050, 2121?
1986
What tanker leaked 11 million gallons of oil into Alaska's pristine Prince William Sound?
Exxon Valdez
In 1984, who became the first major-party female nominee for vice president of the United States?
Geraldine Ferraro
What U.S. senator set the record longest filibuster – against the 1957 Civil Rights Act- three decades after fathering a daughter with a 16-year-old African American girl?
Strom Thurmond
Talk-show host Jerry Springer was mayor of what Ohio City?
Cincinnati
When Lisa Halaby married King Hussein of Jordan, who did she become?
Queen Moor
What sort of " giant sound" Ross Perot claim the U.S. would hear if NAFTA passed?
Sucking
What New York Times columnist was dubbed "The Cobra" by serial nicknamer George W. Bush?
Maureen Dowd
What name was given to Dan White's legal defense, which held that he was drived to murder by an addiction to junk food?
Twinkie defense
What flammable gas filled the Hindenburg?
Hydrogen
What does the 19th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution give women the right to do?
Vote
What are the first names of Depression-era American folk legends Parker and Barrow?
Bonnie and Clyde
What file-sharing company was sued by both Metallica and Dr. Dre?
Napster
What name is shared by an Obama speechwriter and the actor who starred with Vince Vaughn in films Swingers and Couples Retreat?
Jon Favreau
After running for U.S. vice president as a Democrat, what senator became an independent in 2006?
Joe Lieberman
Who pleaded for calm in Los Angeles on May 1, 1992, asking "Can we stop…making it horrible for the older people and the kids"?
Rodney King
What president was the first to welcome a pope to the White House?
Jimmy Carter
What animals does a cynophobe fear?
Dogs
What is both an amphibian and the first name of the leader of the1994 Republican Revolution?
Newt
What profession did the first female flight attendants come from before joining the airline industry?
Nursing
Which battle did not take place during the Civil War – Antietam, Bunker Hill, or Chickamauga?
Bunker Hill
What country's 1991 disintegration signaled the end of the Cold War?
Soviet Union (USSR)
What 18th-century British law was intended to prevent groups of 12 or more people from assembling illegally?
The Riot Act
What two states include land purchased from Mexico in the 1854 Gadsden Purchase?
Arizona and New Mexico
A 1987 trip on what yacht effectively ended Gary Hart's political career?
Monkey Business
In 2007, San Francisco became the first U.S. city to officially ban what item?
Plastic shopping bag
What news program is the longest-running show in television history?
Meet the Press
What sort of accessory is a bowler, fez, or trilby?
Hat
